Titles:
    Slam Dunk On Real Dead Body
    Fucker Over of the Deceased

Story:
    There's a light on in the window of a rickety motel. The light clicks off and a man walks out and down the motel steps to his car, then keys the ignition.
    The player then gets control of the car. He pulls out of the parking lot and drives down the road.
    The road is empty, no other drivers can be seen. The gas meter on the car is close to empty. Eventually, a gas station appears on the side of the road.
    The player pulls into the gas station parking lot in order to refuel. Player loses direct control of the car/character, automated park, and scene transition to inside the gas station.
    Player talks to the clerk of the station:

	(Texas hits his juul after every line of dialogue.)

        Chap enters the chat.
        Texas enters the chat.

        Chap: "Got any gas?" (*raspily*)
        Texas: "Depends. How much are you willing to pay for it?"
        Chap: "All I got is 5 dollars."
        Texas: "Alright bet. Where ya headed?"
        Chap: "Somewhere far, far away from this goddamn town."
        Texas: "Cringe bro. Well you won't make it far if you're strapped for cash."
        Chap: "Fuck."
        Texas: "Tell ya what: I've got a lucrative proposition that might help ya out."
        Chap: "Bet. What's good?"
        Texas: "There's a cemetery up the road that some say hold untold riches. Here's a shovel and an obituary from 1947."
        Texas: "I've highlighted the names of the deceased known to come from wealthy families."
        Chap: "You're a fucking freak, bro. Give me some gas so I can get the fuck out of here."
        Texas: "Don't be such a negative Nancy. I will crush your skull between my thighs."
        Texas: "What'd you want?" --> Shop menu opens. Take shovel, list, and gas.
        Chap: "What's in it for you anyways?"
        Texas: "Well I'm gonna get my cut, of course."
        Chap: "Damn."

        Chap has left the chat.

    Player drives car down road, comes across cemetery, smashes the gate with his car and gets out. A popup appears, prompting the player to hit F to read the obituary list.

Soundtrack:
    Utica Quarry, Nighttime - Slint (Graveyard)
    Wngs - Knxwledge (Gas Station)
    RIP ft. Bun B - Childish Gambino (Driving) or Resonance - Home
    maybe you can change the radio in your car or put your own local music on


-first grave has names of us.
-if you run out of gas on the road, you can get out of your car and go back/forward to a gas station but there are resurrected zombies on the road that you must avoid.
-if you hit a zombie on the road, some gas leaks out so you must dodge.
-some zombies on the road have keys to locked caskets (or maybe somehow give you upgrades on your car)
-last name on list is a boss, he turns into a demon that has extra money if you defeat him.
-list names with occupation so you decide what they'll be buried with. based on the occupation there's a probability of what they'll have. (police officer: 50% have pistol, doctor: 25% have medical supplies)
-dashes allow you to either dodge through a zombie without getting hurt or dodge across a gravestone to another path.
-guns have different accuracies, you'll always hit when the zombies are close
-maybe flashlight stuns zombies when its pointed at them.
-maybe place traps.
-flashlight has battery that runs down over time. can buy new ones at gas station.
-can put down a flashlight on the ground to illuminate a path
-pet cemetery with dogs
